1) The Indian restaurant for Düners which brought us a special table and was cheap as fuck.
2) To scam the scammer - the woman in a carnival dress that wanted 20€.
3) Almost zero to none public transport - only boats. The boats are water buses.
4) AMAZING PIZZAS AND SPAGHETTI.
5) The city is good for tourists, horrible to live here. It's miserable for citizens. "Your happiness is our misery". They don't like tourists.
6) The people are grumpy, mean, and rude.
7) No streets, only water and boats.
8) Tax to sit in a restaurant + city tax.
9) Everywhere there are signs alarming for robberies and stealers.
10) A lot of nice bridges everywhere (Prostitute's Bridge, Bridge of Sighs, Bridge of Love). Also, Casanova's house is in Venice.
11) There are no flower shops and supermarkets are EXTRA rare.
12) Lido beach - amazing one 😍.
13) The two little islands St. George and Gui... were small and boring, showing the misery of people.
14) The university and school buildings look like abandoned places.
15) The boats have "streetlights."
16) Despite everything, the water is clean and doesn't smell.
17) Good weather as well.
18) San Marco Square was amazing! But it had already started to flood on 16th September.
19) The hotels and Airbnb are horrible, the buildings' condition is bad in general, with a lot of mold and wetness.
20) There are many cozy and cute restaurants and souvenir shops, and everything is picturesque and good for photos.
21) There are A LOT of lines of water buses / ferries, and they are really punctual.
22) The bus between Mestre and Venice has a stop right in front of our residence.
23) You can easily spend hours in the little narrow streets and can even get lost in them.
24) People dry their clothes on ropes between buildings, and two different apartments share one rope which they push and pull to get their clothes.
25) It's rare to catch a glimpse of children living here; there are rarely any kids.
26) It's full of Indians everywhere.
27) They expect tips even if they were kinda rude.
28) The Italians are loud, rude, and push a lot while walking.
29) Gelato is the best ice cream we've ever tasted.
30) Oki here: 10 pcs / 7€ - wtf?!
31) The public toilets are really rare and cost 1.50€ per person.
32) The atmosphere of the city is unique, and the gondola is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
